Together, because I do not have
a good detailed outline of the
current state for Becker order
review that that's the name for
the process per se, to order
Scotts and purchase orders,
correct? Yes. OK. So I just
want, if you don't mind, Alyssa
just walking through kind of a
demo of how a person would go
through.
That process and know exactly
what Syspro does. Um, and then
after that bearing time goes
through the current functional
requirement document, get some
of the questions left on the
document answered or schedule
necessary meetings afterwards.
OK.
So for today's sake, do you want
me to just do a fake order to
walk through how that would
actually happen? I don't have a
live order for that would be
fine.
I won't be process one.
Go through the screens and then
um, any talking points of
situations that may or may not
occur through.
An order? Sure you have access
to the dev environment, Alyssa.
I don't know if I do.
Is there a certain password that
I need to type in?
It's a different.
Machine you'd have to connect
to. Don't think we want you to
do this in production because
it'll force the phone numbers
creating some bad data.
Umm.
Do you want Justin? Do you want
me to pull up?
Dev and she can talk us through
one and I'll do the clicking.
If y'all two are comfortable.
Sure.
Doing that.
So what's the module program
that you clicked on? It just
called sales order back order
review.
Or just back order review and
the menu, but it's.
Under sales order processing.
Yeah.
So I'm just going to do for the
showroom works that should
should pull back multiple
orders.
And we typically can do it from
a single order lens as well if
we would like to.
But just to pull up orders, this
will be able to see everything
at once.
A general user would just look
through everything and start
going at it. Um. So from a store
manager or assistant manager
perspective you would actually
instead of using the warehouse
functionality, you would
actually use the sales order,
which is the lens right below it
and do it in a single capacity.
And you can type in that
individual cells order number.
So just to make sure I interpret
what you're saying, you all
would have specific sales orders
to process at a given time every
single day. Yes, Sir. OK. And
each number will be uniquely
identified as well?
OK.
Uh, these sales orders that have
been identified, um.
These are in a certain status
and uh release status has a
deposit on them given certain
criteria or what are these
criterias that the sales order
are released to start doing the
back order review. So from a
retail perspective it is
different than a wholesale or
contract perspective. So
customer or in consumer comes in
that day they place their order.
Through Ecat, Ecat will give us
a uniquely identified number
that Ben typed in the individual
cells order lens line in the
single and that will give all of
the, Umm uniquely identified
stock code numbers unless it is
a special order from a purchase
order side of the business,
which there are some examples. I
saw treasure garden in there as
well that we'll use in a second
so these are specified.
To that particular customer, how
we qualify them to go directly
to, I just have to have a 50%
deposit down that day to place
the order.
OK. No, they're all customers.
Do deposits or do you all do
terms for any of your like
designers or no terms everybody
is deposits or paid in full and
the only.
Potential what you and I
wouldn't even call it a term is
when we do the financing like
the Wells Fargo financing and
they'll do a 15% down payment
deposit and then the residual
will go through Wells Fargo
financing.
But other than that, it's 50%
down or 100% down, whichever way
the customer would like to pay.
Yeah.
OK, so to start the process, we
go into back order review. We'll
double click on the first line.
Um here will determine which
particular warehouse. If it's
going to be a SCT, which would
be which would be the supply
chain transfer, or based on the
stock code if it is actually a
purchase order, so it will
default based on the stock code.
This one's going to default as
an SCT since we're doing all
summer classics and we'll push
accept.
And then this box will pop up
where it will actually do the
source warehouse, again based
off of stock code which is going
to go to main.
So once we're in this particular
piece, there's only two fields
that we fill out in this
particular lens, which is the
special instructions.
Which would be the special
instructions would be, is it
going to be a pick up, a
delivery or a white glove out of
area, just depending on the
three different ways we ship.
And then the ship via code would
be the next one.
Where we would either select if
it's going to be a full
truckload that we ship out every
single week, we would do the SD
truck load or if it's going to
drop ship to the customer, we
would do the prepaid freight
because the customer pays that
at time of purchase.
And then the only other thing to
notate is if we do select
prepaid freight, we do have to
change the address to the in
consumers home, otherwise it
will default to the full
truckload delivery route.
No matter what.
Before we get too far from this,
what indicates?
What selections need to be made?
Is this something that you know
off of hand based off the
customer, or is there data in
syspro that can specify whether
or not these shipping
instructions are needed?
So every single order that is
placed through which I'm just
going to hold up a random sheet
of paper which you can't see,
every single order will have the
directions of how it's going to
be shipping. So every single
customer gets basically a
customer packet if you will, or
customer profile. I have this
detailed out in our office
manual, Justin, that I could
send out to you. So that way you
can kind of see what that looks
like.
And it'll give those directions
of what needs to happen to go
where.
OK.
And then?
But yes, typically every single
customer has a piece of paper
and then through ecat we
actually make the design
consultant select.
Some of that information through
there too.
So one question already, the
shipping has been definitely
made as an important thing that
needs to be correct. When
creating the CTS and PCOS,
something that we do get from
Ecat is shipping instructions,
does that reflect what is in the
customer packet and can we make
the specific designations based
off that information coming
over? Yes, I believe so that is
correct.
Something I will try to shoot
your way is, um, things that we
see from ecat and make sure.
We make sure apples are apples
and oranges are oranges, so.
OK, so once we've done all this
information, we're going to go
and push create STT. It'll ask
you want to create that.
We will print.
Just take someone out.
And then once this screen pops
up, it should provide you with
the order number which is the
SCT number and we have to write
that number down to make sure
the next two additional.
Order numbers will or two
additional line items go on that
exact order. So we're not
creating multiple individual
shipments.
Are those order acknowledgements
being printed or are those just
you're basically just building
this huge customer packet? It's
not very green by any means, but
yes, it is 100% there.
The Prince is necessary, or is
that something that we can
design a different?
Uh, process for.
As long as I can have it linked
back up to that 301 number, I'm
OK with. However, if you want to
design it a different way, I
just need to know that those two
connect together.
Is it? That's just definitely
something.
Through the automation that it
could be lost, so correct.
So then you'll go back, double
click on the next line has been
has it defaults to that
warehouse and then down at the
bottom we check mark that add to
existing SCT.
And then type in that supply
chain transfer number. So that
way they're all coordinating
together and you're just
basically building that
information up until you're at
the very end and that's
typically when I print it, is
that the very end. So that way
all three lines would be
showcased on that one order.
OK.
Will follow the same thing.
OK. And then from there, that is
all the back order review
processes. It's pretty
simplistic. However, there is
one additional step that has to
happen, so we exit a back order
review.
And then we go back into sales
order entry.
This is where automation can
help us tremendously.
Umm.
We got a function order
maintenance type in that 100
number.
Y'all are manually entering the
SCT for the line items on the
sales order. Awesome.
OK.
So if you look here on the
screen, it will show the three
line items that we initially put
onto the order through the back
order review process. But then
I've already filled out
everything in this order header
on the 300 side. All that
information correlated to the
100. Then I wouldn't have to
dedupe. Right now we have to
double type everything.
OK.
And I have this all detailed out
in the office manual as well
what has to be filled out, but I
can walk you through it.
I appreciate it. So on the
customer purchase order line
number and that's the customer's
first name, last name and the
301 number.
The next line item is promo
code.
And then that we use the
magnifying glass and put none
always.
The next one is the customer Rep
so we always default to
customer.
Unless it's a store order, then
it'll go to management or
visual.
Umm, sorry Ben, yours looks a
little different than my desk,
so I'm like, OK, hang on, you're
fine.
See, I don't have any code blue,
so we won't mess with that
delivery phone number. That's a
must that I have to have for
shipping.
What's the delivery phone number
that needs to be entered there?
That is the end. That's either
the third party logistics
company number. So that way they
have a number to call or if I'm
drop shipping it to the customer
that's where FedEx, UPS or the
White Glove agent would have a
phone number to call and set up
the delivery.
Um, OK, so then delivery type?
This is actually pre selected
through ecat in general, so this
information could tie over
directly to you. But right now
we manually do see you can
select standard or white glove.
Those are the only two services
in retail.
Address type, but if it's
shipping to your three PL. even
though the order might be white
glove.
100 correct.
Correct. I usually put the
address type or would be
residential, that would be
commercial.
And then shipment requests we
put complete on everything
unless we're split shipping an
order.
It will already have that
customers information in because
we did that through back order
review and that's all we do in
that particular screen.
So each order probably takes you
about.
10 minutes, 5 to 10 minutes to
process.
As you go through all the
different steps and then when
they start comingling like where
you sell.
Summer classics, Gabby and then
a special order vendor. Those
could take up to 30 minutes in
order.
OK.
And here's an example of one
that would get.
Two SCT's because these items
come from different warehouses.
Yeah, correct.
So this item will get SCT from
MSN and this one will get an SCT
from MB.
And it's my understanding right
now front.
Excuse me, from the 301 lens,
we're already able to go by
stock code line as long as we
went through.
The back order review process,
it will tie that SCT number to
that line item.
Yeah.
So we would still need that
capability.
If we're eliminating STD's.
Into automation.
Or in this one you would have an
SCT and a purchase order.
Correct.
Is the purchase order pretty or
somewhat similar in creating?
Well, that particular vendor,
there's only 7 vendors we're
allowed to order from that
particular.
Um piece would be something they
sold off at their floor.
OK.
And I can provide you those
seven vendors that would be
special order capability for my
purchase order lens if you'd
like us to.
That would be beneficial, OK.
Wouldn't that be allocated
though if they sold it off their
floor and not backordered?
It could.
It should be.
Unless they haven't received
that purchase order in yet.
Gotcha.
So even on those seven vendors
you could have which we will
have a line item, we'll have
that line item flagged for this
special order or not. So I guess
it doesn't matter.
But yeah, the PO process is
pretty similar.
Umm.
You can pick the customer's
address.
Right.
The trickier part on PO's I
would say would be.
Picking the right pricing
potentially if you had an item
with multiple price tiers.
Um.
Well, and what we've also
learned is that.
Umm.
Pricing for those vendors, it's
only updated as SKU request
needs are there. We don't go
back through and re update.
Every single price cut
potentially in our system, every
single year, no would take us
millions and millions of years
to do so.
So is that gonna be an issue
that the PO is going to get
created at whatever price we
have in the system?
As long as I can edit it.
Before we do the final receipt
of goods for Lee to pay the
bill, I don't think it should be
an issue.
The other thing about purchase
orders is while.
Umm. We are going to automate
the purchase order number to
start, I still have to send a
separate e-mail to the vendors
placing the actual order.
Just creating the purchase order
doesn't.
That's not the end step. The
last step is to e-mail the
vendors directly to place the
order.
Is this so you need to do all
manual processing to actually
order the purchase order? Is
that something that could go
into? I know we've already
talked about reporting some
errors when trying to automate a
back order.
With this.
Should this just simply be
reporting in general where it
would list issues when trying to
process a back ordered item? Um.
But also if it was successful in
creating Scott and or purchase
orders it will just say.
Processing this order. These
SCT's were created with these
items. This purchase order was
created with this item so that
if more manual entry is needed,
someone a user can go in and
update as needed.
Hmm.
For the real. So I'm going to
give my wish list here. OK well
would be really cool is that
once we create the purchase
order number or once it
automates, you almost have like
a.
Because we have to submit the
PDF with the actual order as
well. So if the PDF almost went
into.
Like it was like an actionable
item that you had to go and then
take the PDF to send to the
vendor.
So PDF that makes sense created,
it's just a user goes to some
file location to pull that PDF
to send.
Correct.
Say one more time.
So automation creates the
purchase order, yes? Through the
automation. Your wish list would
be after the purchase order is
created to create said PDF to
send to the vendor and I use.
All the user would have to do is
go to that file location to pick
it up and send it.
Correct.
Knowing that you do SAT prints
would.
Having a similar thing for SAT's
be beneficial or.
Say that more time. I'm so
sorry.
So.
Through the automation when
creating SCT, would creating a
PDF for the SCT to be printed
off at a later time to put into
the customer portfolio or
whatever? Would that would that
be beneficial? Yes, that would
be beneficial too.
What do you need a print out of
the SCT for?
Typically we just make a
profile. I mean, if we're going
paperless futuristically.
Umm.
Then I guess we would be in a
good position. It just has that
proof of it's that double check
of all of our design consultants
go through & the sales order
and the production to make sure
we ordered it correctly for an
accountability perspective.
Umm.
Versus.
Umm.
Versus it just being on blind
faith that we ordered correctly
because sometimes you can catch
error same day.
That would really be the only
purpose.
Um.
While we're on your wish list,
who who would need these PDF's?
So if I were to create the
service, um, either it could be
it would be stored in a file
location that anyone or any of
the users need to get to so they
can see it there. It could also
be attached to an e-mail for
whoever.
To needs to receive that could
see it.
So who who are these people that
would need?
These PDFs.
I would say it would be store
manager. Assistant manager in
store support would be your 3.
Levels of leadership that would
need it.
Store support would only be if
they're backfilling for.
A store remotely, but store
managers and assistant managers
per store would be the most
important.
OK.
Benessere anyone else you think
there should have access to
that?
No, I would just put an impulse.
Whoever has access has access.
Um, we only use impulse for RMA,
so would that be something we
could be taught how to pull
something out of in files to
attach to an e-mail? OK.
Perfect.
Any um edge cases for.
Back order review any what I'm
sorry.
Edge cases, so just like things
that.
Need to be considered when
processing back orders? Or is
would that not be within scope?
I think the only other edge case
would actually be what's up on
the screen, so the SC-1.
Those would be the ones that we
called out. Would need to be on
that exception list or the error
list.
Because we haven't.
Um.
It's a customization scheme that
we're having to create through
IT that's not in our system.
So it could be SC1, dash or fill
in or I'm sorry, SC1 or fill in.
Skew Justin that's not set up as
transfer supplied and also does
not have a supplier so it would
error out if you tried to do
either.
So my my thought process would
be since those records aren't
there, automation would skip
over those order or at least.
On first pass reports it can't
do.
The automation because records
aren't there. And then once that
stock code is created, the
automation should be able to
pick it up.
Is that makes sense to everyone,
so we would skip the order as a
whole, right? It would tip that
process and then part of the
error reporting just report
saying, hey, this stock code
does not have sufficient
information to get an SCT or
purchase order.
Rated 4.
But so it would do.
For everything else on the order
it would process through, just
not that one line item or.
We've already defined that for
the order, everything must be
fulfilled at the time, and then
if one of the items can't be
fulfilled, the whole order won't
be processed.
I think that's the cleanest. I
just wanted to make sure I was
clear on what would happen.
Create a nightmare otherwise,
right then.
Yeah, I see the vendors that are
special order vendors and I have
two others. I've just gotta my
brain is blinking right now and
what the other two are so.
I've gotta go look at the master
list to pull the other two down.
Sure thing.
Well, it wouldn't really matter
because it would be based off
the line.
That flag at the bottom level.
Correct.
I don't think it was a hard hard
code any vendors into.
So the the new Ecat will send
over whether or not that item
can be special ordered. There's
gonna be no other catch that is
needed to.
Specify whether an item can be
automated per say. Correct.
Correct. Yeah, OK.
Any.
Any other tidbits?
Don't think so.
OK, um.
Just gonna go through the
current functional requirement
document and um, if you can
answer some of these questions,
that'd be great. If not, try to
figure out another time to get
those answers.
Space.
Say that again, I said. Which
page? May I answer?
Ohh um I have it on my computer
so page 5 uh so I work from
SharePoint.
So if you're looking at are you
are you're OK, let me go to that
document. Hold on. OK, I have it
printed in front of me, so let
me right. I didn't want to start
talking and.
See what I'm looking at?
OK.
Party. I'm here.
If you, uh, starting just at
Section 3. Understanding the
user environment, uh who? Who
are these users that will
benefit from this automation?
Um, store manager? Assistant
manager.
Design consultants and store
support.
OK.
I'll fill those in.
You want me to type in here as
we're going or no? That would be
great. OK.
Sorry, I didn't know if you
wanted me to type comment or.
Yeah, you.
It would be better than me
trying to.
I should just put all of retail
just kidding.
Unfortunately, I don't know if
that's a.
Specific enough, um.
Let's see.
OK.
The side.
Before we go to the next
section, do these answers look
good?
In your.
Point of view.
For the other questions.
Longer.
I think we automated OK.
Expectations are changing.
Define.
I would think that expectations
on training also we would want.
Clearly we want to handle
exceptions, but we'll want to do
a whole training class around
that. And then Margaret, who is
our.
Operational trainer, go ahead.
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry. I was
just trying to say I know who
market Margaret is. OK, perfect,
fantastic. You're like I know
who she is. So Margaret would
then build out these updates
through designing them. She now
has access, so we Emily has
given her access to build out
from a training perspective.
Um.
So.
Uh.
So outside of this, um.
Functional requirement. There
will be a technical document
outlining the automation that is
set up. Um, is there any other
desired hard copies or other
documentation that would?
Well, have wanted.
Forget I'm not sure my screen.
Yes, we'll have to build out the
interface for our operations
document, which Margaret would
handle as well, so operations
manual would be updated with.
Basically slide by slide
picture, like walking them
through the whole piece.
From start to finish.
Just trying to envision what
that would look like so with
this automation ideally.
No one will have to go through
back order review, it's just to
make sure users understand from.
Point of order is ready to be.
Automated, which is the order
has been released and that
deposit is visible on retail
orders. Hmm. A system will be
able to pick it up and process
and purchase orders scripts are
created right? OK.
And at the end of the, I mean
the ultimate end game is after
that's all done then to my
understanding is this will flow
to sugar.
For um.
This will flow to sugar to give
the status of each line item
like so that we can have a
status report for those
particular customers as well.
OK. How does that right now that
currently flows based off of the
SCT, so Megan Frank would of
course have all that information
how we're following that right
now?
I I work on the sugar export, so
I.
You kind of know where I'm going
with what all that information
gets floated to.
OK, um, Section 4.
Are these answers?
Goods.
Use this application.
Yes.
OK.
Then dropping down to Section 7
OK.
I feel like.
We've hit on some of these uh
questions. It just hasn't been
uh typed out in a official
status per se. Um.
So.
Statpro, we talked about uh
stair store, the warehouse 3 PL.
or customer.
We noted that there is shipping
terms coming over that should be
able to map. I don't know if we
can answer it right here, but I
will get.
You a thankful list of what
those are and make sure we
understand which one is which.
Sure, absolutely.
Um.
So with the this it's.
Whatever.
Last financing.
OK.
Um.
The next question um, Ben, I've
looked at the Syspro business
object who creating a purchase
order.
I haven't dived into it fully,
but is there needed to have a
price designated on that
purchase order for SYSPRO to
fully create it through the
business object?
I mean technically, no. You
could create a PO at a 0.
Price, but I don't think we'd
want to.
Because this would never get
fixed, so I think if it doesn't
find a.
Matching contract price then
we'd wanted to hear out. OK, so.
Back to you, Alissa. What just
specific details on what price
to pick out of the system?
It's going to. Each vendor is
different. That's the problem.
But should probably need to go
and look at. I can't remember
all of the.
I need to go look at it, so I
apologize. I don't I'd have to
answer that question next unless
Ben can give me a.
Well, my assumption would be it
would be, you know, based off
the contract prices you have to
not be expired.
And.
The order quantity would have to
meet the minimum quantity of the
PR price.
And then if you have multiples
that meet that criteria, assume
we would want to always take the
lowest price.
Yes, that's, that's accurate,
yes.
OK.
OK, when items are added to the
order after the initially
processed, should these be?
So my first assumption would be.
There's two ways of automation
could see an order. One it's
been initially released,
automation should be able to see
that and then process it.
Something that else the
automation can see is definitely
when a new item has been added
and put into the back order
status.
The question would be then, uh,
Ben, would the new feel to
special order said back order
item be available to users to
designate, yeah, OK, so then
yeah, the automation should be
able to pick up new orders and
then back order items on orders
that already exist and possibly
have already been processed. OK,
so the question is.
Does the business process want
that to be allowed?
I would think yes, unless then
you told me no.
Um, yeah, it would. Just you'd
have to put it on a new PO or
new SCT.
OK.
Because I don't think we want to
go.
Add it to one that's might have
been submitted 3 weeks ago.
Is there not any indicator on
the SCT to know whether or not
we could add more items to that
SCT?
Umm.
It would delay the production
schedule. Is that correct? Is
that mess up Scott in them in
the back?
Umm.
Because I'm not going to say it
doesn't not happen properly so.
Theory.
Yeah, I'd be less worried about
an SCT.
We could add it to an SCT that's
already in the system. You're
just going to essentially jump
in front of anybody that.
Like if I add something to an
SCT from two months ago, I'm
jumping in front of two months
worth of customers. Yeah.
Whether that matters or not,
other than that it does mess up
some of our kind of like level
of service reporting on saying.
Well, I entered the order on
January 1st and you can make the
cushions till April 15th. Well,
if that item was added to the
order April 1st, it's kind of a
unfair penalty. So I kind of
would lean towards we should
just always.
Create a new SCT or a new PO
just to keep things clean.
Simpler on my part for sure,
yeah.
OK, so then yes, let's go that
route.
Unless I've been do you have any
other lingering questions for
this project?
I'm sure I'm going to have a ton
as we go through this, but as of
right now off the top of my head
though.
Ever. Whenever one of those come
up, feel free to, uh, ask me or
Ben. Yep, and we'll get back
with y'all, OK.
So what is the net? I see we
have dates and timelines next.
So what is next steps that we
need to help with or what
expectations do you expect out
of us so from this meeting?
I should be able to build out
the rest of the current state.
Sean said to get with.
Certain people on UM confirming
that this is all good. Um.
Think that with clay and someone
in accounting.
Or traffic and accounting or
somebody, we had two different
people so.
At least having a meeting with
them once I get this functional
requirement document. Um. At a
more solid-state, um.
Get that done and then just sign
off from whoever. Uh.
Once the responsibility is
signed off on this, I guess. Um.
Alyssa do you? Would it be you
or would it be someone else? Um,
it either be myself or Sean,
just depending on the work.
I the only reason why I say that
is middle of March I go out on
maternity leave, so it would
just be that timeline of and
he's my second in command to
make sure everything rolls
correctly. So it'd be either one
of us that can do that.
OK, um.
So I'm already, uh, working on
putting together, uh, technical
specifications for this. It is
actually gonna. This is
technical information that you
probably won't care about, but
there's already a service that
the service would be modified to
pick up this process.
So I'll be working on those
modifications.
Within a week or two, um, then
once we'll be in development
and.
I estimate in March we should be
able to get into uh UAT testing
and preparation for deployment
as long as everything is.
Kosher. OK, awesome.
Is that timeline estimates good
with you? I know you'll be out
on the return to you. I'll be
out, but Sean will be leading
the project at that point. So
yes, him and I, he's on vacation
this week, so he'll be back in
these meetings as we start back
up.
Great. Uh.
The marketing or accounting and
traffic meeting, wait until Sean
is back to try to schedule that
one. Yes, if you don't mind, if
we could do that next week, that
would be perfect. OK, I'll try
and sometime this week get that
scheduled.
Awesome. Anything else you need
of me?
I don't think so. I appreciate
it. I'm sorry I was 7 minutes
late, so sorry.
Ben was probably like, I'm about
to log off. She's here.
Well, I appreciate you spending
this time with me walking it
through urgently. We appreciate
it tremendously if I can get
from you a link to that OPS
document and access to view it.
So I'll actually what I'll do is
I already have it downloaded, I
had to send it to accounting on
Friday. So I'll just flip you
the OPS document on this e-mail
trail. So that way you have it.
Um, awesome. Is that right now?
OK, fantastic. Thank you so, so
much. I appreciate it. OK. Bye,
bye, bye.
There.